Value Entity example for the docs (#19)
lightbend/akkaserverless-javascript-sdk: samples/valueentity-counter/README.md

# 

## Designing

While designing your service it is useful to read [designing services](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/designing/index.html)

## Developing

> This project has a bare-bones skeleton service ready to go, but in order to adapt and

Author: fixed

extend it it may be useful to read up on [developing services](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/developing/index.html)
and in particular the [JavaScript section](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/js-services/index.html)

## Prerequisites

No additional tooling is required for local development. To build and deploy to a cluster:

- Docker; see https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/
- Akka Serverless CLI (`akkasls`); see https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/getting-started/set-up-development-env.html#_akka_serverless_cli

## Building

To build, at a minimum you need to generate and process sources, particularly when using an IDE.
A convenience is compile your project:

```
npm install
npm run build
```

## Testing

Basic skeleton unit tests for each method in each service will be generated by the `build` phase, but these will need to be fleshed out with assertions as behavior is implemented.
Mocha is the testing framework employed, and Chai is used for assertions. To execute the tests:

```
npm run test
```

> These tests leverage the mock event-sourced entity classes provided by `testkit.js`. These classes mimic the minimal required machinery to execute commands and handle events against a single entity for simple unit testing.

Author: yup, fixed 👍

## Integration Test

The integration tests are manually written and can be executed by running:

```
npm run integration-test
```

## Running Locally

In order to run your application locally, you must run the Akka Serverless proxy. The included `docker-compose` file contains the configuration required to run the proxy for a locally running application.
It also contains the configuration to start a local Google Pub/Sub emulator that the Akka Serverless proxy will connect to.
To start the proxy, run the following command from this directory:

### macOS and Windows

```
docker-compose up
```

### Linux

> On Linux this requires Docker 20.10 or later (https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/40007),
> or for a `USER_FUNCTION_HOST` environment variable to be set manually.

```
docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.linux.yml up
```

To start the application locally, use the following commands:

> Be sure to have performed `npm install` for the first time!

```
npm run build && npm run start
```

> With both the proxy and your application running, any defined endpoints should be available at `http://localhost:9000`. In addition to the defined gRPC interface, each method has a corresponding HTTP endpoint. Unless configured otherwise (see [Transcoding HTTP](https://docs.lbcs.dev/js-services/proto.html#_transcoding_http)), this endpoint accepts POST requests at the path `/[package].[entity name]/[method]`. For example, using `curl`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With both the proxy and your application running, any defined endpoints should be available at `http://localhost:9000`. In addition to the defined gRPC interface, each method has a corresponding HTTP endpoint. Unless configured otherwise (see [Transcoding HTTP](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/js-services/proto.html#_transcoding_http)), this endpoint accepts POST requests at the path `/[package].[entity name]/[method]`. For example, using `curl`:
```

Link should show production docs...

Reviewer: Created https://github.com/lightbend/akkaserverless-npm-js/pull/60

```

> > curl -XPOST -H "Content-Type: application/json" localhost:9000/com.example.MyServiceEntity/GetValue -d '{"entityId": "foo"}'

Reviewer: These are from the old example. See https://github.com/lightbend/akkaserverless-java-sdk/tree/main/samples/valueentity-counter#exercise-the-service

Author: Should I remove `README.md` completely?
This file is generated and won't get to users from here ...
